TODO,v 1.13 2004/02/04 19:40:47 stevehalasz Exp
TODO List for getting to version 0.1 (in no order of importance)
 1. Fix QgsProjectIo so that qgis projects can be saved and loaded. Major areas
    needing attention are customized raster settings and symbology for vector
    layers.
 2. Plugin manager needs to track which plugins are already loaded and allow
    user to unload a plugin from the plugin manager dialog.
 3. [DONE (TS)] Raster legend items need to be fixed to properly display raster
    name and a suitable pixmap.  Will improve later.
 4. [DONE (TS/GS)] Implement context menus for raster and vector layers.
    Will add advanced functions later.
 5. [DONE (SH)] Toolbar buttons related to layer functions need to be disabled
    when not appropriate (eg. table and select buttons when a raster is
    selected in the legend)
 6. SPIT integration needs to be completed. The libpq++ dependency must be
    removed and the current open bugs (sf.net) need to be resolved.
 7. Adjust the open dialog for "shapefiles" to allow other formats supported
    by OGR.
 8. [DONE (TS)] Move the "All rasters" filter to the top of the rasters 
    open dialog. 
 9. [DONE (TS)] Remove *.adf from all rasters filter 
10. Add options dialog to store user preferences.
11. Add Help (HTML opened in user specified browser)
12. [DONE (TS)] Modify cursors so the black cursor / transparency bounndaries 
    are bordered with a 1 pixel wide white border (to prevent losing the cursor 
    over all black image regions. 
13. Update file open boxes to remember the last filter used in that session.
14. [DELAYED TILL 0.2] Add vector of view extents and replace the Previous Extent 
    function with Forward and Back view buttons to allow user to move back and 
    forth between views.
15. Prompt user to save / are you sure before opening a new project and losing 
    everything in the current one.
16. The geoprocessing menu, having the remove plugin option there does not make 
    sense to me - it is better managed by your nice plugin manager - otherwise 
    if you have more then one geoprocessing plugin  that menu will be very 
    cluttered.   
17. Can the loaded plugin list be remebered from one session to the next?
18. [REJECTED - User may have more than one connection or wish to create a new
    connection at startup] The postgres vector layer dialog, could it 
    automatically do the connect and show list of layers?
19. [DONE (GS)] The postgres vector layer dialog, could you make it that double 
    clicking a layer loads it?
20. [DONE (GS)] When loading a pg layer, can you make the default name just the 
    table name and show schema and geom stuff in properties box only?
21. [DONE (GS)] Can you upper case the first letter of a name in the legend 
    (implemented separately in qgsvectorlayer and qgsrasterlayer)
22. On the properties dialog for pg layer, can you make an apply button or 
    wait cursor or progress bar. The gui is currently quite unresponsive when 
    changing the layer type.
23. Go through all dialogs and neaten up field labels to mixed case - 
    e.g. on symbolisation dialog for vectors

For version 0.2
1. PostgreSQL/PostGIS layer management plugin (create/delete layers)
2. Add vector of view extents and replace the Previous Extent function with
   Forward and Back view buttons to allow user to move back and forth between
   views.
